The Joe Rogan.
Experience. That's gotta be a tough,
not a people can pull yourself out of a lot of people. Can't reinvent himself.
Like.
Right. Look, if you're Gallagher, like everybody expects fruit. If you say,
I'm just going to talk. Now people are like, come on bro.
But we wanted to talk in the fruit. Right.
And people like that have weird, weird, crazy fetishizes, bro. It's like,
did he some watermelons, Denny. He likes looking at naked goats and.
Something, something, something crazy if you that. Well, but Gallagher,
you're going to see Gallagher. Anytime you see Gallagher,
you're going to think watermelon for the rest of.
Yeah. You're going to think sledgehammer,
or you can think everybody's covered in plastic. Remember.
I remember that when we were not, I hate to keep, but you just said it when,
when I was what Chappelle show and I used to pitch ideas and um,
they used to just throw my ideas, like pop, get that outta here. Neil.
Usually I used to pitch ideas here and then a guy gonna come down and did the
Dougal come and just, somebody's going to have a hat on. Right?
They're gonna come. And they gonna shoot him.
And then he used to be like this pack. He used to smack that outta here.
He was like, do that 10 years ago, son. Like my was so dated.
And I couldn't think of anything.
One day I was watching comedy central and Gallagher is on.
And for some reason, Gallagher looked like Dave Chappelle to me.
And I think because they like skateboards and, I'd say an escape.
And I just said, and I, cause I was smoking a joint. I said,
what if Gallagher was black? I was like, what if Gallagher was black?
I just said, what if galago was black? That was my pitch line.
I said, what if Gallagher was black? Right?
And then I called Neil Brennan and I said, I got an idea. He said, what son?
I said black Gallagher and bam.
Wow. I forgot about this character.
Black Gallagher. You were on without a doubt.
The greatest sketch show in the history of the world. I mean,
it lasted only a little while, but those are the,
the classic sketches. There's some great sketches. It doesn't put anybody down.
I mean, obviously Saturday night live has been around forever.
They have a lot of great sketches,
but it's hard to beat the black KKK dude.
It's hard to beat that. So it's like,
it's hard to beat that as an all time sketch.
I don't even know what thought process you gotta have to even. Yeah.
That was when.
That sketches going on, you're watching and going.
Yo whoa. It felt like when that sketch drop, bro,
when that sketch sketch drop,
I was like, oh. It was just like,
what are we talking about?
Funniest things that's ever been captured on film when Neil's head explodes.
Yo, what a.
Great idea too. It's just such a great idea.
A blind black KKK member and.
He just around figuring.
He's widest.
And that still stays in pop culture. It's just one of those things.
It's going to be a Clayton Bigsby forever, forever.
There's a bunch of those is Rick.
James was one of the greatest sketches of all time.
I remember when we were, um,
when we were doing the wrap arounds and when you show the sketch to the audience
and um, they played the Rick James sketch and every time we played it,
the room just exploded. I mean just exploded. Like,
wow.
Oh my God. Yeah, it.
Was, it was, you knew something different. You never know.
No one ever knew that it would go to the extended. It went,
but you just knew something was big in that moment.
Too. There was a moment where like people would just yell out. I'm rich.
There was just yelling out and shows people just yell it out. Yeah.
I just kept yelling it out. I'm wrench patch.
They was like something they wanted to say.
They had to say it did that show had an impact,
a crazy impact. If you really stop and think about it,
it's amazing that someone somehow or another through whatever,
didn't keep that going. I don't know what happened. I don't even,
but God. How do you not keep that going? Just back off,
back off of film and just let him do it. What happened here?
How did you that up?
That's how I felt when he did SNL a couple of years ago, you know, I was like,
it's like, that show is past as,
and a lot of everybody's doing different things, you know what I mean?
But the show was so the show is just so iconic. It's hard to forget about it,
but it was like, um, if, if it, when we did SNL,
when he did the, uh, walking dance spoof,
When he did Jamie, did you see that sketch? He did the walking dead.
He his, for the walking dead.
I didn't see this. Oh my God. And this is a recent thing.
Oh, this was SNL. He won an Emmy for this. This was SNL like two years ago.
When this scene right here, man, I was saying to myself,
this is like,
cause I hadn't seen him perform as a character actor since Chappelle show
and he bodied just the beginning of this is ridiculous.
It was funny as that won an Emmy for like the, you know,
I have a little special category, like a special,
like a comedy special, not the, not the premiere, um, Emmys,
but the ones I'm talking about.
Yeah. That's, that's a crazy scene to spoof too.
Right? That was a terror. Remember that scene in the walking dead.
But he did it. That's like one of the most brutal scenes in all of television.
If you really stop and think about it, I couldn't believe what they showed.
Like when they first episode out to the season. Right?
I think so they killed off two or three people. The one dude who they,
what was his name? Did that Glen did.
They kept hitting in the head and you could see his eyeball pop out. I'm.
Like, what did we say, gory.
I didn't with it. After that, I was like, I didn't even know.
Assistant to this. Yeah. But he made that funny. That was so funny.
And it was any glimpse of, well, it will be a man killed, but that it was.
Well, you know, I mean, again, when you talk about all times catches.
It was fun, man.
How many, how many episodes did it do all total?
I don't know what would, what? It was two and a half years, but I don't know.
I would say probably 50 episodes, maybe net,
if that 50.
Wasn't that many.
It was a lot. And another part, not even the schedule, the music that,
the music that would be a dope show.
Just to show the guests kinda young Kanye common
good-bye dude. Everybody used to talk through.
What a crazy show. Yup.
Do you think he's happy to doing that or he's happier doing up.
I think stand up, you know, he shares a similar personality,
this similar personality you shared it. I share to Joey Diaz,
that want to be on stage. You want to perform as a standup.
You know what I mean? Like I don't think I can't speak for them.
I don't think it's, I don't think it's important for him to be on TV.
Other things important for him to be the best comedian he could be. Right.
You know, you know,
you know how you feel when you think you walk working at the top of your game,
you just hope everybody acknowledges.
I think also too, you know, he did it and now, you know,
now he doesn't have anybody to answer to, you know, he did it, the show's done.
He did it. It's still my opinion.
I think it's the greatest sketch comedy show of all time. Yeah.
Then they do the things like it's hard not to talk about him because you know,
he's what some people consider the greatest to ever do it.
You know what I'm saying? And then you have a relationship with that person.
You know, you're not exploited, but it's this interesting, you know, like I've,
I've seen his career go to the point where,
and this is why I say it's the last specialty we did sticks.
And stones was so important for comedy because
critics and a couple of people were dictating the tone of comedy had people
second, get some people second guessing themselves. Right. You know what I mean?
I've heard, I was hearing comedians. I, oh I want to say this,
but I don't feel comfortable. I'm like, what the has happened?
And you got to say what you want to say. Right. You know? And there was a, um,
there was a comic, I won't mention their name,
but they a critical article about Dave and sticks and stones.
And the thing that I found interesting was that they wrote a CRA,
they were a comedian writing, a critical article,
which is all up right out the gate. And I feel if you, as a comedian,
if you don't know what specials like sticks a stone
special. And like what bill, Burr's special,
what they do for the voice of comedy is saying, this is what we do.
That's it stop? Yeah.
You know? Well, it seems like the expectations,
cultural expectations of how we shouldn't,
shouldn't talk about things they're shifting so quickly.
And people like demand compliance for you to, you know, behave a certain way.
But.
This is not a professor to comply in. No.
No, don't do that. It's also like this move towards compliance. I don't,
I mean, I think we should just be all nicer to each other.
I think this compliance is like something that people,
because they think they're right.
They think they're going to enforce their ID on people,
but it's like the worst way to talk to people. For example.
Yeah. Nice. Just be nice. Just be nice. Just be nice. Tell you this, Joe.
You've probably had this. Why? Oh, why? It's because I'm gay.
No, it's because you're an. Yeah, no,
it has nothing to do about who Dick you suck or any of that.
It's because you're an. You take the out of anything.
could be in anything. It could be a gay, it could be in white.
It could be an nev take the off it. You set it. Yo,
just what is so hard, Joe, about being nice.
What's a hard, we could be better at it.